In the last lecture we improve the user experience by taking advantage of the form State handled by
angular.
Now let's improve this even more and let's say we want to output some help text Lotus empowered to assist
if there is an invalid value in there.
Now we can use a bootstrap class your help block to make sure that this has the appropriate styling
and then we could say Please enter a valid email.
We only want to show this if a valid point choose me if an invalid value has been entered into the control
associated with this input.
Well a quick and easy way of getting access to the control created by angler automatically as we added
and you modeled the input is by adding a local reference to this input element here.
For example email any name you like and associating this now not with any form as we did for the Oberle
form but with Engy model.
So just like the form directive automatically added by angler when it detects a form element the ends
you model directive you're also kind of exposes some additional information about the control it creates
for us on the overarching form by accessing Engy model.
So if we could simply check or say that we want to attach this span here.
If email is not valid so add exclamation mark at the beginning.
Now if this if this reloads you'll see that help text.
And of course you can improve this by changing a number condition.
That email should have been attached to give the user a chance of changing it.
So now you don't see the warning but if you click in there and click out of there and it is invalid
you see that warning.
And if you now enter a valid data it disappears.
So this is another way of taking advantage of the state managed by angler.
But does all that shows you how you can get a quick and easy access to control added by Engler.
And with that you should have tools to really provide a pleasant user experience showing the right arrows
the right warnings and styling the form correctly depending on the state of the form